Why don't you kneel down for me
I'll kill him for you.
If you want to kneel, you also kneel to us
If you don't want to die
Quickly cede land and compensate
Kneel down and beg for mercy
Maybe we can spare you
King Beiyan, forgive me!
I, the Chen family of the Northern Zhou Dynasty, are willing to offer land and gold and silver
Dad?
How can you betray your country for glory? Shut up
Can't you see the peerless world?
Now the three demons have invaded
Dazhu is going to perish and cannot escape death
Instead of being defended by these traitors
might as well
Join forces with Wan Qiang?
Hahaha that's right
Father responds
Lion, as long as you are willing to let us go, Li Country
The Western Zhou Dynasty had a trillion-dollar fortune
All handed over to Liu Changhai
You make me feel sick.
You'd rather be right
Our nine clans are willing to cede land
Willing to pay
These are the people of the continent, a group of guys who are greedy for life and fear of death
You losers
How much land, gold and silver were converged on the continent in that year
Now you have to give it up
Don't you think the Kunlun Immortals
Are you ashamed of the purple nose?
Bah, that's disgusting
White-collar workers, aren't you the same?
Wanting to rebel is overdue
Let you mess up Kyushu
It is better to form a group of things behind the cartilage with the nations
I, Meng Yu, vow not to give up my land without compensation
I will fight you to the end
I am Chen Ruoxi
Swear not to give up the land without compensation
Do you really think I'm alone?